README.md, before:

gomoku
======

An example application for experimenting with TDD and refactoring

##Installation

### Install node.js

Node.js is available at [http://nodejs.org/](http://nodejs.org/)

### Install command line tools

#### Grunt-cli

```Shell
npm install -g grunt-cli
```

This will install the command line for performing most build tasks, such as running unit tests and starting our app
in a local web server.

### Install local packages

```Shell
cd <path-to-gomoku-working-dir>
npm install
```

This will install all local packages needed by our application.

### Test the installation

#### Running tests

```Shell
grunt karma
```

This should run our (single) unit test. This test run should fail with:

```Shell
AssertionError: expected 3  to equal 2
```

#### Running web server and monitor file changes

```Shell
grunt watch
```

This will start our web server and begin monitor our files for changes.

Point your web browser to `http://localhost:6001`. You should see a game board with four game pieces positioned in
each corner.

Edit the file `gomoku/public/javascripts/specs/fail.spec.js`, and change the line `expect(3).to.equal(2)'` to 
a valid assertion, and then save the file.

The change to the test should automatically be picked up by grunt, causing it to successfully re-run our tests.

Commit message:

Added comment about sudo/admin privileges in Readme

README.md, after:

gomoku
======

An example application for experimenting with TDD and refactoring

##Installation

### Install node.js

Node.js is available at [http://nodejs.org/](http://nodejs.org/)

### Install command line tools

For all the installations below, you might need to be administrator/root. If the installations fail, use sudo (if in *nix) or elevate the cmd program to run as Administrator (if in Windows).

#### Grunt-cli

```Shell
npm install -g grunt-cli
```

This will install the command line for performing most build tasks, such as running unit tests and starting our app
in a local web server.

### Install local packages

```Shell
cd <path-to-gomoku-working-dir>
npm install
```

This will install all local packages needed by our application.

### Test the installation

#### Running tests

```Shell
grunt karma
```

This should run our (single) unit test. This test run should fail with:

```Shell
AssertionError: expected 3  to equal 2
```

#### Running web server and monitor file changes

```Shell
grunt watch
```

This will start our web server and begin monitor our files for changes.

Point your web browser to `http://localhost:6001`. You should see a game board with four game pieces positioned in
each corner.

Edit the file `gomoku/public/javascripts/specs/fail.spec.js`, and change the line `expect(3).to.equal(2)'` to 
a valid assertion, and then save the file.

The change to the test should automatically be picked up by grunt, causing it to successfully re-run our tests.
